Dad, it's not me.
It's him, a kid, who is not qualified to go in
I can't get away no matter what. Shut up
The high-level officials of the temple said that someone retarded the ground, my lord
Who else but you?
What temple lord
That's him!
Could it be that
He is the temple owner who has been missing for many years
Zhang Ai, someone like you is bigger than me
Since I came in
It stopped me for more than ten years
bastard
What are you doing?
i
Say you what are you doing
What does it have to do with me?
I'm not Sister Shenlong either.
Isn't this Shenlong Iron?
I stabbed the Shenlong Iron today.
Zhang Beifeng, what did I tell you?
Oh my god, this is Shenlong Tie
I haven't seen it.
I thought it was your shit
I already told you
Only Shenlong Tie has the most status
High distinguished guest
You are too bold
Don't treat me
You kiss him back
You scared me!
I beat you to death I beat
Kill you kill you
Why are you hitting me?
I'm so wronged